Reference for stage-3 arraybuffer-base64 (#36387)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/uint8array/index.md

`Uint8Array` is a subclass of the hidden {{jsxref("TypedArray")}} class.

> ## Description

Reviewer: I presume this is the Javascript template location of the Description - Web APIs push this below the Examples.

Author: Yes, this is the JavaScript template.

`Uint8Array` is currently the only `TypedArray` subclass that has additional methods compared to other typed arrays. Because of its nature as a generic byte array, it is the most suitable for working with arbitrary binary data. It supports two sets of methods for the creation, serialization, and modification of `Uint8Array` data to/from hex strings and base64 strings.

- {{jsxref("Uint8Array.fromBase64()")}}, {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.toBase64()")}}, and {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.setFromBase64()")}} for working with [base64](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Base64) strings, where 3 bytes are encoded by 4 characters that are either 0–9, A–Z, a–z, "+", and "/" (or "-" and "\_", if using URL-safe base64).

> - {{jsxref("Uint8Array.fromHex()")}}, {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.toHex()")}}, and {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.setFromHex()")}} for working with hex strings, where every byte is encoded by two characters that's either 0–9 or A–F (case-insensitive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{jsxref("Uint8Array.fromHex()")}}, {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.toHex()")}}, and {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.setFromHex()")}} for working with hex strings, where every byte is encoded by two characters that are either 0–9 or A–F (case-insensitive).
```

_Inherits instance methods from its parent {{jsxref("TypedArray")}}_.

- {{jsxref("Uint8Array.prototype.setFromBase64()")}}

>   - : Populates this `Uint8Array` object with bytes from a base64-encoded string, returning an object containing how many bytes were read and written.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Populates this `Uint8Array` object with bytes from a base64-encoded string, returning a `{ read, written }` object indicating how many bytes were read and written.
```

(Ditto below of course.)
